---
title: "Predicting Semantically Linkable Knowledge in Developer Online Forums via Convolutional Neural Network"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/ASE2016
excerpt: 'Linkable knowledge and post relatedness in Stack Overflow'
date: 2016-09-03
paperurl: 'https://github.com/XBWer/xbwer.github.io/blob/master/_publications/ASE2016.pdf'
---
Consider a question and its answers in Stack Overflow as a knowledge unit. Knowledge units often contain semantically relevant knowledge, and thus linkable for different purposes, such as duplicate questions, directly linkable for problem solving, indirectly linkable for related information. Recognising di↵erent classes of linkable knowledge would support more targeted information needs when users search or explore the knowledge base. Existing methods focus on binary relatedness (i.e., related or not), and are not robust to recognize different classes of semantic relatedness when linkable knowledge units share few words in common (i.e., have lexical gap). In this paper, we formulate the problem of predicting semantically linkable knowledge units as a multiclass classification problem, and solve the problem using deep learning techniques. To overcome the lexical gap issue, we adopt neural language model (word embeddings) and convolutional neural network (CNN) to capture wordand document-level semantics of knowledge units. Instead of using human-engineered classifier features which are hard to design for informal user-generated content, we exploit large amounts of di↵erent types of user-created knowledge-unit links to train the CNN to learn the most informative wordlevel and document-level features for the multiclass classification task. Our evaluation shows that our deep-learning based approach significantly and consistently outperforms traditional methods using traditional word representations and human-engineered classifier features.

[Download paper here](https://github.com/XBWer/xbwer.github.io/blob/master/_publications/ASE2016.pdf)
[Cite paper here](https://github.com/XBWer/xbwer.github.io/blob/master/_publications/ASE2016_bib.html)